hey Heather hey so we wanted to give a
very quick review of the New York course
yesterday it was my very first course
and I had certain fears about it I
thought that I'm obviously African but
from England and I thought I'm I didn't
know what sort of a reception I'd get
given I'm not American so I was a little
bit anxious about that I was also
worried about whether people see the
value immediately but it completely blew
my mind way everyone that came to the
course doesn't even live in New York
they either came in by a mega bus or a
train or plane and they all paid 1500 on
an average of 1500 for the course but in
addition because they weren't from New
York they had to spend tonight money on
two nights of hotel and obviously the
transportation and they each had the
option to have all their money from the
course back at the end of the first day
because it was my first time doing this
course and at the end of the day all of
them said no we want to come back
tomorrow we think there's so much value
in this and we're really enjoying what
we're learning so I was so humbled and
how we got good good feedback for the
end of day one and today is actually
gonna be a better day today has more
content and saving and making money to
build a six-figure beauty business
although you find out that it's actually
a lot more what I include as beauty is a
lot more than just your face it's hair
makeup fashion craft stationary fitness
health and actually any non perishable
food seems to work well with almost
every well with every module and you had
you were there all day what did you
think well I'm very biased but I got to
enjoy the cause for free and you were
helping you said I helped me set up and
everything now I helps out the projector
screen which is a bit of a wrestling
match because he was so difficult do you
remember any of the feedback you read
back to me yesterday yeah someone said I
mean everyone basically said you know
what they learnt and all the stuff which
you covered in day one they'd obviously
internalized because that's what they
fed back but also someone did say there
was a lot
to take in so I do think the course
content is you don't find as much one
person said I had I'm surprised at how
much is included in just one course and
realistically I think the value of the
course is three to four thousand dollars
oh really yeah probably more it probably
has I've been to many courses myself
where it's only a tiny portion of what I
taught nodes you know where they
promised the world and yet they failed
to deliver but I think you you even
under you under promised and you're over
delivering and people are going to be so
thrilled even after hearing today yeah
and I loved what Natasha said as soon as
I arrived and I saw that what was in my
box instead in terms of the resources
that were in there i knows in the right
place no sweetie no no that was shoot
it's just you have worked hard so you do
talk about working hard yesterday we
watched a film for the first time and
maybe four months when watched a single
film and even per week just to get the
program finish we're working well at
least I was working really hard and I
was not watching my favorite programs so
it was all worth it all worth it yeah
and if anyone was interested the film
was what to expect here inspecting I
know now that you were pregnant wife
funny but Harry says do you want to
watch a film and I'm like yeah every
option he gave me was to do it birth and
being pregnant anyway we're going to day
two of the course so love you bye okay
bye